hey guys just just live streaming and
talking about the meaning of life a
little bit here and you know in the past
I talked about the fact that at one
stage the Government of Laos people in
the government allows threaten to kill
me and kick me out of the country it's
not the whole government there were some
government officials who really liked me
really appreciate what i was doing over
there in terms of research and
humanitarian work and everything else
and some not so much so some threatened
to kill me and i got exiled from the
country and i was told you know if i
came back i might be in danger of being
you know tortured to death i'll always
remember and one of the threats was that
you know after they killed me my parents
would never be able to find my body it's
like oh god here you're not just
threatening to kill me you're you're
threatening to deprive me of the
opportunity to have a Jewish funeral I
laughed at the time too I'm not just lab
babies laughs after the fact i laughed
in the face of the people threatening to
kill me torture me and dispose of my
boss that's the worker my parents a
funeral I was laughing all the way
through and i'm still laughing now and i
remember my boss at at the time when he
was talking about he was talking me
about fleeing the country he said well
you're laughing now because i was
laughing so much talking about he was
you know we're talking about me having
to escape or whatever yeah and he said
well you're laughing now but you know
you you know you won't be laughing later
you'll be crying later I said you'll
know that's where you're wrong this will
always be hilarious to me I gotta laugh
or the rest of my life about this
ridiculous situation and these death
threats or whatever it's never gonna
stop being funny that's where you're
wrong hey I win it's true it's still
funny it's still hilarious this whole
desert even when I talked about it
before you know I only really talked
about what happened up to that point
only talking what happened up to the
moment when the threats were made and
what
you I didn't talk about all the steps
and stages afterwards of which there
there are many and I was just reflecting
now there's one rap song I probably
missions for this one rap song I think
it's by uncle murda i might be getting
the rap artist wrong but there's one
raps on that just has this line in
passing now you know what it's a mob
deep song it's actually a mob ding song
and now remember where the rapper just
says my life is so [ __ ] up and I love
it it got me to where I'm at son it's a
mobb deep line and I know the album it's
on I could find I could find the track
and you know it's funny when I heard
that lyric I thought you know that's a
sentiment I just never heard in any song
before and I've never read in literature
and I'm never read informal philosophy
it's so simple but I mean there are
times in your life where things are so
[ __ ] up but you love it and I you know
for me and obviously this is not
implicit in the in the rat lyric but
it's like this challenge is so over the
top this is so impossible is so [ __ ]
up but I'm stronger than that you know
you guys you guys think you're [ __ ]
with me you know what but if you throw
me in prison I'm smiling all the way to
the [ __ ] jail cell you know you can
put me in jail you know but uh uh you
can't make me feel guilty yeah I know
I'm innocent you can put me in jail for
years i'm gonna come out speak in three
languages i'm going to come up in the
scholar of a lotion and long whatever
the language they speak in that prison
man I don't you know hey you want to
kill me great you know you can kill me
but you can't deprive me of my dignity I
felt that way at that moment I thought
that way when the threats are being made
after that felt that way when I was
dealing with the with the the aftermath
afterwards and you know bringing it back
to durianrider you know I remember there
was one day I was waiting just to get
some of my my belongings like some
backpack type stuff back from others
waiting on the lab order and there's one
day was waiting we're supposed to give
them back
and then I got an email at the last
minute I ok we can't do it today we
can't send your stuff and I remember I
went and I rode my bike up that's really
really hard Melton I just looked at my
watch and said okay [ __ ] it I don't want
to waste this whole day and I did this
probably the single hardest bike trip I
ever made in my life she because of the
extreme incline that was a real mountain
it was not a hill like these wimps and
Chiang Mai going up the hill calling
them that was a true Milton I've matured
in some ways you anyway you don't want
another one of my catchphrases is that
I'm not a nice guy so when I was hanging
with Jake Eames this is a story I've
never told the internet before this is
part of the part of the dairy mart
saying you guys know the during rider
didn't just defame me he didn't just
threaten he had the specific threat that
he had a gang of thugs in the street
that we're gonna find me and beat me up
and take me to the police station and
all this [ __ ] and I did deal with this
one guy you know who tried to start a
fistfight with me it's my interpretation
because I talked to him repeatedly it
doesn't like four times in total right
and you know he was big enough well you
would have been you know fair fight i
think he was out of the same height as
me or just slightly taller maybe along
maybe but you know big dude and way
younger than me so I know it's a 21 or
something prime of his life and like all
these guys like all the true believers
in durham writers philosophy when I
looked at him on the internet you know
since he converted to durian riders
frosty he gained weight [ __ ] he got on
that high carb diet even he'd booked up
he'd gained a lot of fat actually since
converting district 1 through faith man
wait wait so that guy you know there
were some there was some possibility of
a real known and you know I remember I
was walking with and you know this is
just another one of situations with Lee
and my life is so [ __ ] up but I love
it you know you can kill me but you
can't take my dignity from you can beat
me up you can take me to the police
station I know I'm innocent you can
defame me on the Internet I know I've
got to treat them us
it's fine but you know what was going
around back then with this satchel with
this not a satchel actually more like a
gym bag more like a hockey bag or
something and the main thing you saw I
would have it on my side main thing you
saw was this bright colorful umbrella
you know it's longer than the bags
that's sticking out and that's to
distract you umbrella can also be useful
for reigns of course and but what was
under the umbrella and that I had one
hand on most of the time was baseball
bat ready to go and that particular
[ __ ] the guy who who tried to start
at this site with me the guy who
threatened me repeatedly in itself at me
and stuff um he didn't know it the whole
time he was starting [ __ ] with me I
literally had one hand on a baseball bat
ready to go and you know the choice
would have been if you'd square it off
me want to have a fair fight I could
have had a fair fight you know I didn't
have to pull out the baseball bat
because it just go on hand to hand um
but of course if it's three guys we're
going to jump me if it's five guys or
whatever then that's going to come out
it's he's gonna pull a knife on me
whatever I bats going to come out and
you know I was at a Buddhist monastery
we were just talking about what is
philosophy a little bit I took Jay Kings
around chiang mai showed him some of the
museum's from the historical monument
you know i know all this stuff about the
history and language isn't Paul you know
them we're actually exiting one of the
historical Buddhist monasteries is a
ruin it's like an archaeological ruin
it's not like not so much like a modern
motion monster we're on the way out and
you know I guess I moved my shoulder one
way or something and the baseball bat
fell on the ground yeah I fell out the
back it was the only time that happened
I hadn't mentioned him I didn't I didn't
tell anybody no secret he was shocked
yeah you would shock you look at you
like
you're rolling with a weapon what what
do you good oh yeah I picked it up off
the ground you know put away I said no I
told you I'm not a nice guy don't start
nothin won't be nothin but yeah you can
go through sometimes your life like that
where the conflict you're facing what
you're dealing with it only boys you up
it only makes you feel better it only
makes you feel more aware of your own
strength of your own obduracy and those
are those times when that lyric comes to
my head my life is so [ __ ] up but I
love it